howto(ddx-console) move file to dedibox/dedicated-servers/how-to old … (#4120)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox/dedicated-servers/how-to/terminate-dedibox-server.mdx

---
meta:

>   title: How to terminate a Dedibox server under Online console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: How to terminate a Dedibox server in the Online console
```
